DM-27366: Migrate build to GitHub Actions (#451)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: README.md

[![Web site](https://img.shields.io/badge/developer-lsst.io-brightgreen.svg)](https://developer.lsst.io)

> [![GitHub Actions](https://github.com/lsst-sqre/ltd-conveyor/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lsst-sqre/ltd-conveyor/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI%22)

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide` and not `lsst-sqre/ltd-conveyor`?

3. Make and commit your edits. Content is written in reStructuredText. Our [reStructuredText Style Guide](https://developer.lsst.io/restructuredtext/style.html) covers the syntax you'll need.

4. Push your development branch to GitHub and make a pull request. The pull request page will help you track the publishing and testing status of your branch. 

> 5. If your build on [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/lsst-sqre/ltd-conveyor/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI%22) is successful, your branch is be published with LSST the Docs. **Find your branch listed at https://developer.lsst.io/v.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If your build on [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/lsst-sqre/ltd-conveyor/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI%22) is successful, your branch has been published with LSST the Docs. **Find your branch listed at https://developer.lsst.io/v.**
```

> 6. Once you're done, press the green button on your pull request to merge to `master`. Your changes are automatically published to the main URL: https://developer.lsst.io. Don't worry about messing things up, GitHub branch protections will ensure that your edits build successfully, and that your branch is up-to-date with `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once you're done, press the green button on your pull request to merge to `master`. Your changes are automatically published to the main URL: https://developer.lsst.io. Don't worry about messing things up, GitHub branch protections will ensure that your edits build successfully and that your branch is up-to-date with `master`.  If it isn't up-to-date, you may need to rebase on the `master` branch.
```
